# Welcome to my personal website
#The website is currently under construction, some of the contents may be missing or wrong.

## Multimode fiber image reconstruction
Multimode fibers (MMFs) have the potential to carry complex images for endoscopy and related applications, but decoding the complex speckle patterns produced by mode-mixing and modal dispersion in MMFs is a serious challenge. Several groups have recently shown that convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can be trained to perform high-fidelity MMF image reconstruction. We find that a considerably simpler neural network architecture, the single hidden layer dense neural network, performs at least as well as previously-used CNNs in terms of image reconstruction fidelity, and is superior in terms of training time and computing resources required. The trained networks can accurately reconstruct MMF images collected over a week after the cessation of the training set, with the dense network performing as well as the CNN over the entire period.

## Intelligent metasurface
Exponential growth in data rate demands has driven efforts to develop novel beamforming techniques for realizing massive multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) systems in sixth-generation (6G) terabits per second wireless communications. Existing beamforming techniques rely on conventional optimization algorithms that are too computationally expensive for real-time applications and require complex digital processing yet to be achieved for phased array antennas at terahertz frequencies. Here, we develop an intelligent and self-adaptive beamforming scheme enabled by deep reinforcement learning, which can predict the spatial phase profiles required to produce arbitrary desired radiation patterns in real-time. Our deep learning model adaptively trains an artificial neural network in real-time by comparing the input and predicted intensity patterns via automatic differentiation of the phase-to-intensity function. As a proof of concept, we experimentally demonstrate two-dimensional beamforming by spatially modulating broadband terahertz waves using silicon metasurfaces designed with the aid of the deep learning model. Our work offers an efficient and robust deep learning model for real-time self-adaptive beamforming to enable multi-user massive MIMO systems for 6G terahertz wireless communications, as well as intelligent metasurfaces for other terahertz applications in imaging and sensing.

## Non-hermitian skin effect
The non-Hermitian skin effect (NHSE) is a phenomenon whereby certain non-Hermitian lattice Hamiltonians host an extensive number of eigenmodes condensed to the boundary, called skin modes. Although the NHSE has mostly been studied in the classical or single-particle regime, it can also manifest in interacting quantum systems with boson number nonconserving processes. We show that lattices of coupled nonlinear resonators can function as reciprocal quantum amplifiers. A one-dimensional chain exhibiting the NHSE can perform strong photon amplification aided by the skin modes, which scales exponentially with the chain length and outperforms alternative lattice configurations lacking the NHSE. Moreover, two-dimensional lattices can perform directional photon amplification between different lattice corners, due to the two-dimensional NHSE. These quantum amplifiers are based on experimentally feasible lattice configurations with uniform parametric driving schemes.
